Doc 1671/archive v1 onboarding docs to preview as reference for v2 gap analysis (#607)
swan-io/docs: docs/preview/new-onboarding/legacy-onboarding/individual/guide-update.mdx

---
title: Update an individual onboarding
---

# Update an individual onboarding

:::caution Deprecated
This page documents the legacy onboarding API. It is preserved as a read-only reference. Refer to [account onboarding enhancements](../../../index.mdx) for the current v2 API.
:::

Update individual onboardings using the API.

import UpdateOnboardingPrereqs from '../partials/_prereqs-update.mdx';

<UpdateOnboardingPrereqs />

## Guide {#api-guide}

> To test updating an individual onboarding, **add an account name**.

Reviewer: Same comment as above - is this testing it or actually doing it.

> To test updating an individual onboarding, **add an account name**.

Author: ```suggestion
To update an individual onboarding, **add an account name**.
```
